Sometimes it can be useful to search
the short summaries of the formulae and the charters,
the regesta,
instead of the text of the documents themselves.
The simple search does this automatically,
searching for the query in both the texts
and the regesta.
So, for instance, searching for the word "Schenkung"
will return every document
where the word "Schenkung" appears
in the text or the regest of the document.
Since "Schenkung" is not a latin word,
the results all come from the regesta.
If, on the other hand,
you want to search the regesta
using the advanced search,
you should select the "Regest" option
from under the text input field
and then type in your query,
for instance "Schenkung",
and we see that the results
are the same as with the simple search.